hi this is motto in this video I will
show the game between tile else miss
lapa this is the game from the
candidates tournament that was played in
Yugoslavia in 1959 in this game tile had
white pieces and he started with E for
Smith slow played c6 this looks like
Kirk on defense
d3 was played the most common move in
this position is d4 but this was like a
little surprised d3 d5 Knight to D to e5
Knight ranjit to f3 attacking pawn on e5
Knight to d7 defending and now pushing
the same pole again d4 was played D
takes on e4 Knight takes on e4 pawn
takes pawn on d4 and Queen takes on d4
Knight G to f6 Bishop to g5 opening
night Bishop to e7 and pinning and tile
a cast at queenside dismissal Castle
kingside
Knight to d6 Queen to a5 attacking pawn
on a - Bishop to c4 developing bishop
and defending pawn on a to b5 attacking
bishop bishop to d2 attacking Queen
Queen to a6 Queen is keeping an eye on
porn on a - Knight to f5 attacking
bishop only 7
bishop to the eight and we have reached
a critical position of the game it is
why to move and no bite even has the
good tequila move before you pause this
video if you wish to pause I will show
you two variations that don't work for
example Bishop to d3 is not good in view
of this continuation green takes on a
two threatening checkmate
but if Bishop to b3 defending porn on a
two there is another problem
c5 attacking Queen and after for example
Queen to III C for black is winning the
bishop and the game so how should white
continue what would be your continuation
in this position tal played Queen to h4
sacrificing his bishop pawn takes Bishop
Queen to g5 threat is Queen takes pawn
on g7 check mate
Smith slow can play g6 it leads to draw
for example g6 and after check King goes
to g7 check it would be draw by
perpetual but if instead King goes to h8
then white the beginning for example
Bishop to c3 and after pawn takes Knight
Queen to h6 rook to g8 Knight to g5 and
white is winning but please stop had a
draw
how Ella Smith slow wasn't interested in
a draw he wanted to win the game he
played night to h5 and now sensible
looking movies Queen takes Knight
if green takes knight then Knight to f6
attacking Queen and after for example
Queen to g5 Bishop takes Knight and
black is better black would be winning
so in this position is tough the Queen
takes Knight tal played another move
what would you play would you play this
check pawn is pinned King to h8 and now
tile captured night h5 Queen takes pawn
on a two threat is checkmate Bishop to
c3 Knight to f6 attacking Queen and we
have reached critical position of the
game it is white to move and to play
Aquila move please pause the video and
try to find the kilomole that are played
in this position ready to define the
killer move before I show you the killer
move I will show you a sensible move
that probably Smith's love thought that
it will be played so Queen to e5 is a
sensible working move then perhaps this
could be continuation Queen to a-1 and
after King to d2 perhaps win to a four
and maybe Bishop to e6 and so on and
black is doing right however there was a
big surprise and that was Queen takes
pawn on f7 threatening Queen takes rook
if rook takes Queen
which looks like a first move that comes
to mind then
rook takes Bishop check and that's all
over
checkmate so Smith slob played Queen to
Avon check King to d2 and now rook is
not reaching bishop now so Smith's lobe
captured the Queen with Roku knave seven
like takes rook check King to g8
attacking light but now rook takes Queen
King takes Knight check King to e6
Knight takes pawn on c6 Knight to e4
check King to e3 Bishop to b6 check
Bishop to d4 and black resigned white is
exchanged and pawn up I will not pretend
that I know how the game could continue
and I will not provide variation which
shows how white wood beam Smith slab had
enough for the day he designed to avoid
the mental torture and to save his
energy for the next day for the next
game but going back to that move 19
Queen takes pawn and f7 this is
equivalent to knockout in boxing Smith's
love then I see it coming
interesting isn't it and that is all I
hope you enjoyed watching this video I
wish you good luck with churches and bye
for now